[Music]
Now, I'm going to show you how to
connect to an S3 compatible storage. S3
compatible refers to storage services
that use the same protocol as Amazon S3.
Here's how you set it up in Cutting
Room. First, give your storage a name,
something easy to identify. Next, decide
if it will be a shared source,
accessible to everyone, or a private one
for your use only.
Then select the access permissions. Read
only allows you to view and import
content from the storage. Read write
enables you to both import and upload
videos. This option is ideal if you want
to send videos back to the storage or
upload directly from the cutting room
reporter app. After setting permissions,
enter the bucket name. Finally, locate
the following details from your S3
compatible storage provider. Endpoint,
access key ID, and secret access key.
The region and root path fields are
optional, but can be configured if
needed. Once everything is set, you're
ready to start using your S3 compatible
storage in Cutting Room.